Emit disk spill and merge buffer utilisation metrics for GroupBy queries (#17360)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`org.apache.druid.java.util.metrics.CgroupV2MemoryMonitor`| **EXPERIMENTAL** Reports memory usage from `memory.current` and `memory.max` files. Only applicable to `cgroupv2`.|
|`org.apache.druid.server.metrics.HistoricalMetricsMonitor`|Reports statistics on Historical services. Available only on Historical services.|
|`org.apache.druid.server.metrics.SegmentStatsMonitor` | **EXPERIMENTAL** Reports statistics about segments on Historical services. Available only on Historical services. Not to be used when lazy loading is configured.|

> |`org.apache.druid.server.metrics.QueryCountStatsMonitor`|Reports how many queries have been successful/failed/interrupted. It also reports stats for group by queries.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`org.apache.druid.server.metrics.QueryCountStatsMonitor`|Reports how many queries have been successful/failed/interrupted. It also reports statistics for the group by queries.|
```

Author: I don't have strong opinions either, the only reason I merged them was an existing mergeBuffer metric in this monitor. I think a separate monitor would be better due to the added flexibility.
